Section called General - header needs to be populated with data, phone number, email.

Use a more standard layout - dates on the right and the projects are in line with the content instead of a separate column.

The reason that I left the below paragraph in here because it'll help jog your memory about what you did and how substantial it is. 

Overstock Ads: my job there was limited to basic QA, silennium scripts UI testing stuff - do buttons work? and I was supposed to report back to them what features were working/try on browsers, caught something where they named one of their main ads "main ads" and it was getting caught by ad block plus - caught a few other bugs, rudimentary stuff with google analytics, not a whole lot of direction, they started a company, greg should help you guys out, had a few deadlines about, product was polished and ready, no time to get me up to speed and start being productive

When you first joined, where was the product? Was it preparing to release the first version?

It's an ad buying platform that had launched in NC - the main problem they were having at the time had to do with usability and testing. My job was to poke around and identify what things I couldn't figure out how to do (usability testing) using scripts

Why was it important that they would have a good product?

There was one city that had just launched in and looking to start another one in another market.  4 people started the company and now about 10 people work there
Is there anything interesting about the company? No

Who did you work with? 
The founders

Bad narrative:
much less technically sophisticated than i am now, didn't accomplish a lot, could've put in more effort, they were unavailable, build right narrative
feel that you want to downplay, feel anxious

Great narrative:
I just graduated from school, it was my first full-time job and it was rapidly growing company with very little learning and onboarding, big ambitious tasks which was to figure out what's usable/not usable and tell the company. I was exposed to basic usability testing, QA testing and the product moved forward as a result of it.

You need to have more professional experience - by making the title "intern", people will not have high expectations. The solution is not to avoid this experience, but to position it correctly, and vocalizing it to the interviewer. We're not "spinning" this, we're presenting it as is. By highlighting that, we can make the experience a positive learning one.

worked in a startup for ad-buying platform for distressed ad space in print media 
worked directly with founders, performed basic usability testing
identified x number of bugs, including critical bug that....
usability testing across multiple browsers (this will 
Remember, the resume will get your foot in the door and give you a chance to present the skills you want to highlight. Behavioral and coding stuff is what will push you through to a job offer.

Projects
Code duel - writing a safer version of eval that you could use to run user code and get feedback about which tests and didn't pass, couldn't deploy, some weird interaction between sandbox implementation and asher servers are set up and we ran out of time to chase down the rabbit hole and figure out what capabilities an asher server has 

In 2013, top 10 in first phase out of 1000

Are there any interesting things about the competition? Perhaps it's largest competiion of its kind in a certain language, international competition, qualify a bit more the significance of you winning it. Adding attributes to the competition will help people understand.

Technical Skills
tier your skills, proficient and experienced (no expert)

Recent Software Engineering projects
worked in a team of x to build y
every technology in the text should appear 
why did you choose that technology? running out of room break it into two bullets
do this for both projects
while you work on your thesis project, think of bullets that would look good in your resume
Awards & Accomplishments
all competitions
putnam exam - highest score
Professional Experience
internship

See attached resume:
I'd like to highlight that I have a lot of experience with software for numerical analysis, and am looking for a data science-y job.